test(stackable-versioned): Add snapshot testing (#881)
stackabletech/operator-rs: crates/stackable-versioned-macros/fixtures/README.md

inputs to the `#[versioned()]` macro because it is an attribute macro:

> The first TokenStream is the delimited token tree following the attribute’s name, not including
> the outer delimiters. If the attribute is written as a bare attribute name, the attribute
> TokenStream is empty. The second TokenStream is the rest of the item including other attributes on
> the item.
>
> _(Taken from the [Rust reference][rust-ref])_

Because of that, a special delimiter is used in the input files which separates the two inputs while
still enabling developers to write valid Rust code. The delimiter is `// ---\n`. Most of the inner
workings are located in [this file](../src/test_utils.rs).

```rust
#[versioned(
    version(name = "v1alpha1"),
    version(name = "v1beta1"),
    version(name = "v1")
)]
// --- <- See here!
pub(crate) struct Foo {
    #[versioned(
        changed(since = "v1beta1", from_name = "jjj", from_type = "u8"),
        changed(since = "v1", from_type = "u16"),
    )]
    bar: usize,
    baz: bool,
}
```

## Recommended Workflow

First, add new input files (which automatically get picked up by `insta`) to the `fixtures/inputs`

> folder. Make sure the delimiter is placed correctly between the attribute and the container

Reviewer: Probably no need to add it, but this includes doc-comments.

Author: Added in cf1ec21

definition. Next, generate the snapshot files (initially not accepted) by running

```shell
cargo insta test -p stackable-versioned-macros
```

> This command will place the new snapshot files in the `fixtures/snapshots` folder. To review them,

Reviewer: Could be worth mentioning that they are suffixed with `.new`, and should not be committed unless internationally (eg: for collaboration). They should not appear on the `main` branch.

Author: Added in cf1ec21

> run the `cargo insta review` command. Now check these files in.

Reviewer: I thought maybe some elaboration was needed:

```suggestion
run the `cargo insta review` command, then accept or fix the snapshots. Once all are accepted (ie: no `.new` files remaining), check in the files.
```
